The mission of the Office of Undergraduate Admission at Georgia Tech is to serve the Institute and educate constituents about Georgia Tech and the admission process with professionalism and authenticity. With that in mind, we are here to make sure you have all the information you need as you embark on your college search and proceed through the application process.

First-Year Admission
The college search is an exciting time, and we’re thrilled you’re considering Georgia Tech! As you embark on this journey, we want you to know our team is here to help guide you through the admission process and help you learn everything you need to know about Georgia Tech. Here are some resources and information to help you get started.

First-Year Admission Deadlines
First-year students will apply to Georgia Tech using the Common Application. You may start an application at any time during your high school career, and we will begin accepting application submissions on August 1 prior to your senior year.

We admit students for both the Summer and Fall Academic Terms, and ALL applicants will be considered for both terms.

Application Plan	2023 Application Deadline	Document Deadline	Self-Reported Test Score Deadline	Decision Release
Early Action 1
Georgia Students Only	October 17	October 24	November 20	December 9
Early Action 2
Non-Georgia Students Only	November 1	November 15	January 15	January 27
Regular Decision	January 4	February 1	February 1	
March 3 – Georgia students only

March 24 – non-Georgia students

Please note: All deadlines are 11:59 p.m. in your time zone (for example, a student who lives in Atlanta, Georgia, United States, must submit their application by 11:59 p.m. ET).

Students with incomplete Early Action files may complete their application and be considered for admission in Regular Decision. Students who do not complete their file by the document and self-reported test score deadline for Regular Decision will have their application closed.

Early Action Deadlines
An Early Action application to Georgia Tech is non-binding, and the application and evaluation is the same as for Regular Decision.

Early Action 1 – This application deadline is reserved for Georgia students, defined by those who attend a Georgia high school or Georgia residents living outside the state.
Early Action 2 – This application deadline is reserved for non-Georgia students who wish to be evaluated in an early action round, defined by those who attend a high school outside Georgia (including international) and are not Georgia residents.
Students who wish to be considered for academic scholarships, such as the Stamps President's Scholars Program, Scheller Dean's Scholarship and others, must apply by the appropriate Early Action deadline (depending on Georgia status). No separate scholarship application is required.

Regular Decision Deadline
This is the last date to apply for first-year admission for the following summer/fall term. The application and evaluation is the same as for Early Action.

Document Deadlines
All application files will include:

Common Application.
Official transcript(s) with 9-12th courses and 9-11th grades. Students who are deferred or apply Regular Decision are required to submit an updated transcript with Fall term senior grades.
Self-reported or official SAT/ACT scores.
Additional documents requested via your admission portal.

Transcripts
Transcripts must be submitted electronically or postmarked no later than the date listed in the table above for the round you have applied. Students who have taken dual enrollment courses should ensure those courses are listed on their high school transcript or request the college attended to send your transcript to us directly. Students who are admitted and enroll will be required to submit an official transcript directly from the college to be considered for any transfer credit.

Test Scores
SAT/ACT scores may be self-reported on your application or via your applicant portal. They may also be submitted officially from the testing agency. We do not recommend paying the expedited rush fee to meet the test score deadline since you can self-report scores through your admission portal. Click here for more information on test scores.

Other Documentation
Additional documents may be requested upon review of your file. These documents will be due by the document deadline for that round or as soon as possible if requested after the deadline.

How Does Georgia Tech Review Applications?
Each year Georgia Tech must make fine distinctions among large numbers of highly qualified applicants. The ability to assess consistently all information presented in the application becomes increasingly important. Therefore, the Office of Undergraduate Admission employs a rigorous review process in order to provide an individualized and holistic evaluation of every application. Each applicant is assessed on the basis of achievements and potential in a broad range of categories, viewed in the context of the opportunities and challenges the applicant faced. These categories include:

Strength of educational performance, as measured by the nature and rigor of high school curriculum and academic achievements.
Potential for academic success, as evidenced by performance on nationally normed standardized tests.
Potential to contribute to the overall intellectual climate and make a positive contribution to campus and community life.
Demonstrated commitment to intellectual engagement.

